**Today I tell you some of what I've been going through. These thoughts, feelings, subtle bursts of chaos and violence that I have been having. This will be a chaotic, unorganized release of half-baked ideas and writings that I have gathered over the past few months.**

<br/>

---
<br/>
I feel very spiritually numb. The heavy weight of existence crushed my soul already. I am but a hollow shell. That is everyone's fate. It's liberating to a huge degree. I lost whatever I have been protecting. And until the shell is crushed by the heavy weight of entropy, I shall float in this universe and enjoy my floating for I have metamorphisized.

<br>

---

<br/>

I can't see past this thick cloth
I can't feel the touch of my hand
*O*r hear the cries of my very tired body
Vision becomes blurry as I look around me
The sound of a very quiet room becomes muffled and fades in and out of my perception
I am back in a nightmare that I haven't woken up from

<br/>

---

<br/>

This hole in my heart gets larger by the day. They don't tell you how numb grief makes you feel. After all the crying and almost instant heartache that accompanies the news for a few hours, you feel a scar. A hollow one. All over your body. Affecting every sense. Food doesnt have taste. All of your surrounding smells like death. And everything you touch feels cold, hard, and shapeless. I am not here to tell you how grief makes you feel. I am afraid that's something you have to experience on your own. But, I'll tell you how memories start to make you feel pain rather than joy and nostalgia. You miss them more, the more you take in what happened. You know that's the way of life. You know that death is inevitable. Yet, every constructed ideology you have built to shelter your soul comes crashing down after that phone call. Grief made me feel anxious, sad, depressed, lost, helpless, afraid, numb. Grief drilled a hole in me that will never be filled.

<br/>

---

<br/>

Born in Tunisia, you are forever cursed to fight back.  Fight back long days, shady neighborhoods, hot summers, muddy winters, a cruel system, twisted minds, bruised souls. Fight back hunger, dispair, unfairness, wickedness, weakness, exhaustion. You can't sink in a gutter. You have to keep your head up and stay afloat. Even when you leave, the curse follows you. That's why we never truly fit in anywhere but Tunisia. Something my grandfather always says, "You will forever be a part of this land; you are made out of its soil." We all come from the same soil. No matter the place or time. That's why when shit becomes too big for us to fight back, everyone comes together and ignores whatever frivolous beef they have with others. And, that, right there, is what eases the burden of this curse.

<br/>

---

<br/>

*O* me

*O* the wanders I have done to save you

*O* if they know how I made you

They wouldn't doubt how far you can be

The shock of their disbelief will end you and me

*O* my dearest friend

*O* with whom I share this land

*O* to whom I owe this joy at hand

I feel bad when they try to bring you down little child

I fight their hands, tongues, and eyes to never see you cry

*O* the things you've seen

*O* the echoed screams

*O* the broken screens

*O* the suffocating steam

To hell they go, it's only you and me

As it has always been

*O* me, I promise to get you out of here

<br/>

---

<br/>

You can feel it too, can't you? The rapid death of the current version of the world and the formation of a new one. Everything is becoming more complicated and nuanced. I don't know when we will reach the climax. but this will give birth to a very beautiful thing. we'll see

<br/>

---

<br/>

One day I'll tell you the full story, for now let me live it.

Happy new year.


aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueW91dHViZS5jb20vd2F0Y2g/dj1maDdhNWhmaDctWQ==

<style> body {font-family: 'Lucida Console', monospace;}</style>
